Compiled and maintained by the Yale Undergraduate Research Association (YURA), Research Database features:

1400+ faculty listings with research descriptions

60+ fields of study, including the humanities, social sciences, & STEM

Research from Yale College Departments & Programs + Yale Graduate and Professional Schools

YURA created this resource for undergraduates to pursue research opportunities at Yale. If you are a faculty member and would like an opportunity posted, scroll to the bottom of the page under Frequently Asked Questions to fill out brief request form or email <yura@yale.edu>.




Outside Funding
Below is a list of organizations that regularly fund digital humanities projects. For outside funding that is available for workshops, see Off-Campus Workshops.

 
Faculty and Administrators Only
 
American Council of Learned Societies (ACLS)

ACLS Digital Extension Grants — directed at existing humanities and social science projects so that they can be enhanced and disseminated to new audiences. Each grant will provide up to $150,000 in funding.
 

National Endowment for the Humanities (NEH)

The NEH's Office Of Digital Humanities (ODH) oversees a number of grants for research and outreach projects that incorporate digital technologies. Below is a short list of a few that might be of particular interest to members of the Yale community. For a complete list with deadlines, refer to NEH Grants. For examples of previously funded projects, see "Featured Project Articles."

Digital Humanities Start Up Grants — for the early development of innovative digital projects  

Digital Humanities Implementation Grants — for digital projects that have already successfully completed a start-up phase

Digital Projects for the Public — for projects that significantly contribute to the public's engagement with the humanities

For assistance developing a data management plan, consider scheduling a consultation with Yale University Library and Information Technology Services. 
 

Andrew W. Mellon Foundation

Digital humanities grants are available through Mellon's Scholarly Communications program, which targets projects that aim to create, preserve, and disseminate digital scholarship and collections. 
 

Council on Library and Information Resources (CLIR) — applicant must be a head administrator

Digitizing Hidden Collections — supports the complete digitization of a scholarly collection that will then be made accessible to the public

 

Graduate Students Only
The Gale Dissertation Research Fellowship in Nineteenth-Century Media

The Gale Dissertation Fellowship supports projects that use digital facsimiles in their research of the nineteenth-century British press.